# CS-360
# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
This class was focused on mobile development using Android Studio to create a mobile application. I specifically created an inventory application. The goals were to create an inventory app that contained a login screen, stored user information in a databse, create a database for inventory items, and add functionality to create items, delete items, and increase or decerase their quantity. The app also needed to request SMS functionality to notify the user when an items inventory level is low.
# What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
There were a couple of screens necessary to support user needs. The first was a login screen with fields for an email address and password, along with two buttons: one for logging in with an existing account and another for creating an account. The other main screen needed was the main inventory screen. The database is reflected using a recycler view for the user to scroll through and see information about the items added such as quantity.
# How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?
I approached the process of coding the app by breaking down the screens and functions needed. They can be applied in the future by recognizing that creating an app takes a lot of time and dedication to create a good user experience.
# How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?
I tested the code by going through the application in the way a user would. I found this important so I could note any changes the user would find clunky or unusable. This process is important to find the natural flow of using the application.
# Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
The bigest challenge I had to overcome was creating the item database and having it accuratly reflect what is in the database. I started by using a gridView to display the data only to find out using a recyclerView would serve a better purpose. Updating the code was challenging but I overcame it through multiple iterations.
# In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I feel like because I spend so much time working on the main screen, it is much more polished than other parts of the app. I like having a floating action button to display tasks the user can take within the main screen.
